fix: more LSP3UniversalProfile -> LSP3Profile fixes (#261)
lukso-network/LIPs: LSPs/LSP-6-KeyManager.md

- `length of the data key prefix`: The length of the prefix of the data key which the rest is dynamic. MUST be a number between `1` and `32`.
- `data key prefix`: The prefix of the data key to be checked against the data keys being set.

> Below is an example based on a [LSP2 Mapping](./LSP-2-ERC725YJSONSchema.md#Mapping) key type, where first word = `SupportedStandards`, and second word = `LSP3Profile`.

Reviewer: Let's use a more generic example so that we don't have so many dependencies and out of date docs between LSP specs.

```suggestion
Below is an example based on a [LSP2 Mapping](./LSP-2-ERC725YJSONSchema.md#Mapping) key type, where first word = `ConferenceGifts`, and second word = `T-Shirts`.
```

> ```js

Reviewer: To be replaced by:

```js
name: "ConferenceGifts:T-Shirts";
key: 0x7a656c43e4182913e58d0000f17f6dbeb50c4aa08cbe43e33198df7ed7f4e900;
```
